Added SPAN_STACK_TRACE_MIN_DURATION configuration option (#996)
elastic/apm-agent-php: docs/configuration.asciidoc

For example: `10ms`.
This option's default unit is `ms`, so `5` is interpreted as `5ms`.

[float]
[[config-span-stack-trace-min-duration]]
==== `span_stack_trace_min_duration`

[options="header"]
|============
| Environment variable name      | Option name in `php.ini`
| `ELASTIC_APM_SPAN_STACK_TRACE_MIN_DURATION` | `elastic_apm.span_stack_trace_min_duration`
|============

[options="header"]
|============
| Default    | Type
| `5ms`      | Duration
|============

> While this is very helpful to find the exact place in your code that causes the span,
> collecting this stack trace does have some overhead.
> This configuration option controls minimal duration that a span should have
> for the agent to collect stack trace for it thus allowing to avoid the overhead
> for the "quick" spans.

Reviewer: I know this description comes from the Java agent, but I think we should rearrange it to lead with the "what". How do you feel about this?

```suggestion
This configuration controls the minimum span duration at which stack traces are collected.
A higher value means lower overhead as stack trace collection is skipped for quick spans. 
This option is very helpful in finding the exact location in your code that causes a span, but collecting stack traces does have some overhead.
```
